Alright, so let's catch the bad guys.
If we can.
So to do this, unfortunately we don't have
an inverse mapping function
you know, to directly get the list of customers
from the coordinates of the winning notes.
That could've been possible,
but there isn't such a function in the
minutes on that PY file.
However, there is another solution.
It's to use a dictionary that we can
obtain by using a method available in minison.py
and that will contain all the different mappings
from the winning notes to the customers.
So that means, that what we'll do first
is get all these mappings and then we'll use the coordinates
of our outliers winning notes that we identified,
the white ones, and that will give us the list of customers.
And since we actually identified two outlying winning notes,
well we will have to use the concatenate function
to concatenate the two lists of customers
so that we can have a whole list of the potential cheaters.
Alright, so let's do this,
it's actually going to be very easy.
So as I just said, the first thing we need to do
is to get these mappings, so we're gonna introduce
a new variable that we're gonna call mappings =
and now we use this method that will return this dictionary
of all the mappings from the winning notes to the customers.
So let's do this.
Since it is a method, we need to take our object
S-O-M then dot and this function is called win_map.
Alright, that's the method, and inside this method
we need to input simply X.
The whole dataset.
As you can see here there's only one argument
to input, which is the data.
But be careful, this is not the whole data set,
only the data on which our self-organizing map was trained.
Alright, so let's execute this and let's see
what it gives us.
Here it is.
So as I just said, mappings is actually
a dictionary, and if we click on it,
we get all the mappings for all the different
winning notes in our self-organizing map.
So, what you see here in this first column,
the key is the coordinates of the winning notes.
So, for example, this corresponds to the lower left
winning note in the self-organizing map
because it has coordinate 0,0
and then, for this particular winning note
we get the list of all the customers
associated to this winning note.
And we can already see that there are 28 customers
associated to this winning note,
and we can actually see that list
by clicking on value here, and this gives us
all the customers so if we enlarge this,
we will see better the customers
and so each line that you see here
corresponds to one customer that is associated
to this winning note of coordinates 0,0.
So, for example, if I'm clicking on this customer
well this, you know, corresponds to the
attributes of this customer with this first
value here being the customer ID,
but remember that we scaled all our variables
and then don't worry, we'll use
the inverse transform method to get
the original customer ID and the
original values of the attribute.
Okay, so now that we understand how mapping works,
that is, as a dictionary, we will use it to get the frauds.
So, new line of code and now we are ready to get the frauds
so we are going to create a new variable
that we're going to call frauds =
and now, time to catch the cheaters.
So, first what we need, before using this
mappings function to get these cheating customers,
well, we need to go back to our map to get the coordinates
of the outlying winning notes, because
these are the winning note that correspond
to the customers we are looking for.
So, I'm executing that again.
Here is the map, and so remember the outlying winning notes
are this winning note and this winning note.
So, let's start with one winning note
and let's get the customers for this winning note
and then we will use the concatenate function to get
the customers of this winning note plus
the customers of this winning note
to get the whole list of customers
most likely to have cheated to get the credit card.
So let's start, for example, with this one.
This winning note has coordinates 8 and 1.
Alright, so that's the coordinates of this winning note, 8,1
and that's exactly what we are going to input
in the mappings dictionary to get the list of customers
associated to that outlying winning note.
So, we take our mappings dictionary,
then brackets, because that's how dictionaries work,
syntaxically speaking, and so inside these brackets,
we are going to input the coordinates
of this first outlying winning note,
which, remember, are 8,1.
And, as simple as that, this will give us the list
of the customers associated to this outlying winning note.
So, if I execute this line, we get
the list of potential customers.
And we can actually access this list here
and here are all the customers, we cannot recognize them yet
because the values are scaled, but
we will very quickly use the inverse transform method
to get the original scales.
But before we do it now, let's get the other customers
to make sure we catch everybody.
That is, the customer associated to the
other outlying winning note.
So, let's go back to the map, executing that again,
and here's the map.
Okay, so the second outlying winning note
is this winning note here, the white one
that corresponds to a very high MID;
mean interneuron distance.
So, this winning note has coordinates 6 and 8.
So, here we go, we have the coordinates
and now we can input these coordinates
in the mapping dictionary, so six and eight.
So let's copy this, we're gonna add a comma for now,
and then we'll use the concatenate function.
So, mappings,
6,8 and here we go,
we are almost ready to get the whole list of customers
so as I just said, we need to use
the concatenate function to concatenate
these two lists of customers to put them
in the same whole list.
So that's how it works, so we put our two
mappings lists here.
Alright, so we've added the two mappings
in the concatenate function, and now
what we can see is a warning that will tell us
that concatenate is an undefined name.
That's because a concatenate function belongs to Non-Pi,
and therefore, we need to add here, np.concatenate
and now the warning will disappear.
There we go, and now, almost over.
First, let's check out the concatenate function
by pressing command+I and here we get
some information about the parameters
of the concatenate function,
always very useful to do that.
So, as you can see, the first parameters
of the concatenate function are the two lists
we want to concatenate.
And as you can see, well that's not very clear,
but when we see a1 and a2 like this,
that means we have to input these two lists
that we want to concatenate into one same argument.
And how do we do that?
We just need to put our two mappings
into a new pair of parenthesis.
And then, comma to add the other arguments.
So, these two lists here, mappings 8,1 and mapping 6,8
are into one argument, the first argument
of the concatenate function.
And then we add the second argument.
The second argument is, axis.
A compulsory argument because that's how you specify
if you want to concatenate vertically or horizontally.
So as you can see, it's the axis along which
the arrays will be joined, default is zero,
and zero means vertically.
And since we're concatenating the horizontal vectors
of customers, well you know we want to put this
second list of customer vectors below
this first list of customer vectors,
and therefore we are concatenating along the vertical axis.
And that's why I'm going to add here, axis=0.
Because that corresponds to the vertical axis.
And now, eventually, we are ready to get
the whole list of cheaters.
So, we are getting very close to our final goal.
Let's execute this line and let's catch them immediately.
Here they are, fraud is ready, well computed.
Let's go to variable explorer, and here is the whole list
of the customers who potentially cheated.
I'm not saying everyone cheated, but
these are the customers we've been looking for
since the beginning of this part.
However, the values are still scaled,
so the only thing that we need to do left
is to inverse the scaling, and to do that
there is nothing more simple.
There is the inverse transform method
that inverses this mapping.
So, we are gonna take our frauds list again, =
and now we're gonna use the inverse transform method
that will reverse the scaling.
So since we applied feature scaling with the sc object
that we created from the MinMaxScaler class,
well we need to take here our object
and dot, and that's where we use
the inverse transform method and
simply inside this inverse transform method,
we enter our list of frauds, nothing more simple.
And now, finally, if we execute that, we get
the list of frauds, but this time,
with the original real values.
Here we go, and we get the customer IDs,
which are right here and which we can use to
identify the potential cheaters.
And now, we did our job, we gave the list of
potential cheaters to the bank,
so now the bank side's got the ball.
Their analyst will investigate this list
of potential cheaters and so first,
what we will probably do is get
the values of y for all these customers' ID,
take in priority the ones that got approved
to revise the application, and then by
investigating deeper, they will find out
if the customer really cheated somehow.
Alright, so that's the end of the mission,
and therefore, that's the end of this part
on self-organizing maps.
I hope you like this business problem,
and now in the next part, we will do
another very exciting project,
which will be about creating a very powerful
recommended system.
It's kind of a big deal, so we will give ourselves
two shots, one shot with the Boltzmann machines
and one shot with the Stacked Autoencoders.
This will be slightly more advanced,
because we will implement our models
almost from scratch.
We will use transfers, you will see how it works,
we will build some classes, some objects,
some methods, so you will really get to see
how Python works, but that's essential and deep learning
you might have sometimes to
implement your models from scratch,
so that's very good for you,
so I can't wait that we take this journey together.
I'll see you in the next part, and until then,
enjoy deep learning!